Update connection_guide.md (#9)
osuAkatsuki/website-docs: en/connection_guide.md

title: "How to connect to Akatsuki"
old_id: 1
---
- [Download](https://osu.ppy.sh/home) the game from the official osu! website
- [Register](https://akatsuki.pw/index.php?p=3) an account
- Create a new **Shortcut** from the `osu.exe` game file
- Right click the Shortcut and go on **Properties**
- Add `-devserver akatsuki.pw` to the **Target**, right after your directory

> - Your changes should look like [this](https://chito.ge/97iWe7P.png)

Reviewer: add red box & use akatsuki hosted url
```suggestion
- Your changes should look like [this](https://akatsuki.pw/static/connection_guide.png)
```
